[EARLESS BOY 12A] It's the
truth! He looked right at me!
[EARLESS BOY 12A]
On that day, at that place,
that legendary Player's
eyes met mine!
I know that kid.
Where have you been? Jackass.
[ECHO]
Waste. Garbage. Junk.
[ECHO] A sea of trash
that stretches on forever.
The place where I belong.
And the place where
I first met you.
[ECHO] The place where I called
your name for the first time.
[ECHO]
I'm nobody important.
Not fit to be a god or a devil.
Just a human being.
Let's go. AC30.
[ECHO]
But then, that's why I'm back.
I needed to see you.
To talk to you.
One more time.
It's been a while, Mu.
This name that you
speak is not mine.
[ECHO yells]
[TREMOLO AI]
Propulsion system failure.
Impact imminent.
And the battle? Is Bilin okay?
[WENDY] The Mesa's
barely staying afloat!
Get us low enough to
let the refugees off!
Look down there.
[ROZ gasps]
The AC30?
I know that amp.
But who's piloting it?
[WENDY] Whoever it is,
no way a lone Equipment
can make it through this fight!
[LISA] They're standing
tough now, but soon enough.
[ROZ]
Maybe not.
If the one piloting it
is who I think, he might.
What's the difference?
Even the Mesa went
down in one shot!
[EARLESS growl]
[MCGEE] This scene.
It looks way too much
like the one we saw
ten years ago.
Is that Echo I see?
What? You kiddin' me?
Huh? You're not!
He's riding that thing
like an old hand!
[MCGEE]
My town is done for!
[BRUNO grunts]
You're right. No doubt about it.
He came here to get Mu back.
[BRUNO grunts]
Yeah, true.
All of it, and in every way.
[SWELL]
It's just like that day.
No! You were never Jimi's
sister or his stand‐in!
Or a monster sent
to end our world!
You're yourself!
Whatever happens, you'll always
be you! So please‐‐
Shut your fool mouth.
Weak, human whelp.
Do not dare speak of us!
[MU]
Who is "us"?
We're nobody at all.
Creatures who simply go on
existing till we don't.
There's no reason.
And that's the reason.
We had to know.
Why these people
called us Earless
and why they were
terrified of us.
Who we were and
how we came to be so hated.
What they meant.
Those sounds.
The ones the humans made,
just as we did.
[MU] All we ever wanted
was an answer.
But none of that matters now.
The answers to those questions.
They don't mean anything.
[MU] Whatever we are,
even if we knew,
what difference would it make?
If we had the answers,
they wouldn't bother asking.
They wouldn't care.
So, why should we?
[MU]
Goodbye, world.
Goodbye to new beginnings.
Goodbye to all of it.
To everybody.
Goodbye.
I'll hold the barrier!
Help them finish the evacuation!
[SALLY]
Even now, we're Players.
We'll never show
our backs to them!
[GRUNGE]
We're not sitting this one out!
[PSYCHOBILLY]
I'm getting pumped!
Suit yourselves. You fools.
[EARLESS growl]
Don't you dare say goodbye!
Top Boost!
[gasps]
[humming]
[DENKA]
That sound.
[ROZ]
It's the Earless.
No. This is Listeners!
That's their response.
[BILIN gasps]
What's happening?
That's him. Echo.
[humming]
[TOMMY]
Do you hear it, Sally?
[SALLY]
Tommy?
[TOMMY] It's the sound of
their souls colliding.
The hearts of the Earless
are stirring for them.
[SALLY]
The hearts of the Earless?
[TOMMY] Yes. We are the same
and we always have been.
Humans and Earless,
and Players, too.
[TOMMY] We saw the
differences on the surface,
and labelled them.
The divisions between us,
we created ourselves.
But if we look deeper,
they can surely teach us.
Yeah, that's right.
This is not how it ends!
I'm still here.
And you're here with me!
[yells]
[ECHO]
I won't give up on you.
No matter how far you
get from yourself.
No matter how many times
you say goodbye.
I'll still call to you.
Over and over again.
I'll keep crying out.
Shouting your name.
The one I gave you.
The name that belongs
to you and me only.
It means nothing.
We're nobody.
We don't care what you want,
or what you call us.
It doesn't matter.
It never did.
That's the truth.
We aren't like you.
We're not the same.
Because you're nobody.
And neither am I.
But you don't realize that.
You still think you're somebody,
and that's the
difference between us.
That's right.
You and I aren't the same.
Yeah. Nobody's the same.
None of us.
We're all different.
So we come together.
We try to understand.
We want to know each other.
And that makes us alike.
Just like you and me.
We met here because
we're different.
Even if I'm nobody,
it's like you said.
I'll still be me.
Won't I, Mu?
That's why. I just
had to come back here.
You are the only reason I need.
No way, keep going!
I think it's cool that
you're so passionate!
[ECHO] Because that
struggle for meaning.
That is the meaning.
It's all that matters.
[ECHO] I understood,
when you smiled at me that day.
[gasps]
Who am I? Tell me.
You're my Mu.
You always will be!
[DENKA gasps] It seems that
we've all had it wrong
from the very beginning.
Jimi's successor was Echo
this whole time.
[ROZ] It's nothing as
grand as all that.
He only said what was
in his heart.
And the world heard
and let itself be moved.
In any case.
He did something the
rest of us never could.
That simple feeling
brought change to the world.
[chuckles]
[laughs]
[CROWD cheering]
Livin' a long life
really does pay.
Who'da thought I'd be around for
the birth of a whole new scene?
Heh. Hell of a thing
right there.
We're different.
We look different
and think different.
That's just how this world is.
And that's why it matters.
[JIMI]
Right now.
We're standing at the end of
the first Player‐Earless cycle.
Here once again,
at the starting line.
[JIMI]
It's the end of the beginning.
And the beginning
of something new.
[JIMI]
The first step is simple.
You just have to open your ears
and listen to the color
of your dreams.
[ECHO]
It's true.
Nobody knows what
tomorrow will bring, right?
Where is the Council
Unit's daily report?
Convocation's at noon.
[BILIN]
Seems the King of Londinium
has a lot on his plate.
To say nothing of the
Restoration
Committee Chairwoman.
[BILIN] Hmph. And how's
our country doing?
[KEVIN] We're finally
getting things sorted out.
But then, once we've
picked up all the pieces,
we still have to
find our way forward.
True.
Since that day, the relationship
between humanity
and the Earless has
undergone a drastic change.
No. Rather, the change
is still ongoing.
[KEVIN] It took a lot of time
together for those kids
to finally understand
one another,
and now the whole world
will have to do the same.
That's not likely
to happen quickly.
It's a steep path we walk.
Ready to hide
in your room again?
[KEVIN] I find myself yearning
for the outdoors lately.
In fact. What say we
go on a trip?
Take some PTO.
It is a tempting proposition.
However, this young lady has
some business for you first.
There's an incoming call
waiting for you.
Is now a bad time, your majesty?
Put it through.
Hey. My apologies.
I believe I've found
a resolution to
the immigration question
you brought up.
And it struck me as
a perfect excuse to
grant you a bit of
face time with me.
That's certainly
gracious of you.
Glad to see you haven't changed.
Oh, we all change and
there's no helping that.
But we all fight
those changes, too,
and that's the gospel truth.
[KEVIN] One of those
"love" things of yours?
Ha. I guess you're
finally catching on.
Excuse me, we're ready to
reactivate the Mesa now.
Ah, that was quick.
Huh? Who are those
kids with you?
So sorry, Denka.
They snuck in
without permission.
Hmph. That's fine. Just watch.
[DENKA sings]
[CROWD cheering]
[LISA]
Denka, it's working perfectly!
[WENDY]
The Neue Mesa. How beautiful!
[EARLESS BOY 12B]
That's so cool.
[EARLESS GIRL 12B]
Oh my gosh, it's amazing!
It's a fact,
love is all you need.
And in the end,
love is all we are.
We learned that from you.
Didn't we, Jimi?
[ROZ] The country's become such
a lively place, hasn't it, More?
[MORE] Yes, Roz, and our
people are truly thriving
and leading happy lives.
[ROZ]
To think such a simple sentiment
could change the
world this much.
Those two.
They're really some
remarkable kids.
Roz.
By the way, More.
What are our eccentric
friends doing?
Right. I think they were
saying something about
finding a new element of Dada?
[ROZ chuckles] I can't tell
if they've changed or not.
[EIN chuckles] With this,
the next element of Dada
is now practically
within our grasp!
Now, let's Dada!
[STUR]
Dear Sister. Emergency!
[ZENDE] They have come
for Otto Grafplies!
[STUR gasps]
[EIN] Stay calm!
All of you. All of us!
[KIM]
Okay, kids! Everybody.
Please get back
to your seats now!
It's a big day.
We've got two new
transfer students!
[LYDE, RITCHIE]
Yo.
Huh? What? No freaking
way! You two?
I swear, that old bat.
For some reason or other,
she thought we'd died.
Yeah, man, talk about awkward.
Crying over my own
grave was so trippy.
So there you have it, kids.
How about a warm welcome
for your new classmates?
[LYDE, RITCHIE]
What's up, guys?
Jeez.
You're such idiots.
Too dumb to die!
[MCGEE] Look alive!
Once again, the world
revolves around our
fair Liverchester.
The town we live in
is sacred ground
to people far and wide!
So lend me your ears and take
these next few words to heart!
In this world of ours,
if you wanna stay alive,
there's one thing
that you gotta do.
Dream on. And don't stop!
That day we saw
with our own eyes.
There's no doubt!
Yeah! And, if you don't
plan on stickin' around,
you can take a piece
back home with ya!
[JUNK DEALER 1A] Ugh. That was
a perfect chance for him
to land a clean shot!
You're missing the point.
His execution on that sidestep
just now was flawless.
Enough with the
commentary, you guys.
‐‐Miss?
‐‐Welcome!
Uh. Are you lost, bud?
You're fine,
but I can't serve you.
No, but this is Oasis, isn't it?
It is. Whatcha need?
Like, the same Oasis where
that player Echo
used to live, right?
You bet. Just up
the stairs, in fact.
[gasps] 'Cause he
locked eyes with me!
[SWELL]
Really?
[MARSHALL]
Hey, there. Little Squire.
Uh, yes?
Matter of fact,
that young man learned
everything from me.
Seriously? You must be a genius!
Wanna hear about it? Well!
Two drinks, please,
bartender. He's paying.
Marshall! Do you have any shame?
[MARSHALL groans]
Want some juice?
It's on the house.
[EARLESS BOY 12A]
Thank you, Miss.
Now, what is it
you want to know?
So. That day when he
looked me in the eye.
This weird sound started echoing
through my head all a sudden.
I gotta know what it was!
[EARLESS GIRL 12A gasps]
You don't even know that?
Huh?
[EARLESS GIRL 12A]
Well. If you really wanna know,
listen here.
[ECHO]
That's right.
Nobody ever knows
what tomorrow will bring.
The story of a lifetime
is barely longer
than the blink of an eye.
And every story of love
is just "hello" and "goodbye,"
until the next time
those souls meet.
[MU, ECHO humming]
[ECHO]
Mu, slow down!
[MU] You hurry up!
I will leave you behind.
[ECHO sighs]
Man, what's the big rush?
Look. It's getting dark
and I'm not up for a battle.
[ECHO]
Hold on. Lemme catch my breath.
[MU sighs] Hey, remember that
one time when you were cool?
Huh? Uh, maybe?
Nah, dude, you totally do.
When was this?
That time when you said...
You said... that...
You're my Mu.
You always will be!
[MU]
When you called out to me.
Oh, right. You're still
on that, huh?
Sorry, but I can't remember
anything about it.
I don't even know why I got
to be a Player that time.
[ECHO sighs] I mean the hole
just suddenly showed up.
Totally gone now.
[gasps] We are in public!
[ECHO]
What? Hey, slow down a sec!